.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH purr 1  "purr 1.0.0" 
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH NAME
purr \- Fast, featureful, cross\-platform fetching tool written in Rust 
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpurr\fR [\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-n\fR|\fB\-\-neofetch\fR] [\fB\-\-json\fR] [\fB\-\-ascii_distro\fR] [\fB\-\-ascii_colors\fR] [\fB\-\-no_ascii_bold\fR] [\fB\-L\fR|\fB\-\-logo\fR] [\fB\-\-off\fR] [\fB\-\-backend\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR] [\fB\-\-separator\fR] [\fB\-\-no_bold\fR] [\fB\-\-underline_char\fR] [\fB\-\-title_fqdn\fR] [\fB\-\-colors\fR] [\fB\-\-stdout\fR] [\fB\-\-memory_unit\fR] [\fB\-\-uptime_shorthand\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu_cores\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIsubcommands\fR]
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH DESCRIPTION
Fast, featureful, cross\-platform fetching tool written in Rust 
.PP
purr is a fast, neofetch\-compatible system information tool. With no arguments
it prints a neofetch\-style report \(em the same fields, styling, and
\fB${c1}\fR..\fB${c6}\fR ASCII logo format \(em then exits. Probes run in
parallel, so a typical run completes in a few milliseconds.
.PP
Output is controlled by a TOML configuration file and the options below;
precedence is defaults, then the config file, then command\-line flags. Use
\fB\-\-json\fR for machine\-readable output.
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
Include verbose output or not
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR \fI<CONFIG>\fR
Path to a custom config file
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-config\fR
Ignore any config file and start from the built\-in defaults
.TP
\fB\-\-all\fR
Use the all\-probes preset
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-neofetch\fR
Use the neofetch text renderer
.TP
\fB\-\-json\fR
Emit JSON instead of text
.TP
\fB\-\-ascii_distro\fR \fI<DISTRO>\fR
Force a specific distro logo (e.g. "arch")
.TP
\fB\-\-ascii_colors\fR \fI<LIST>\fR
Override logo colours (space/comma list, e.g. "4 6 1")
.TP
\fB\-\-no_ascii_bold\fR
Don\*(Aqt bold the logo
.TP
\fB\-L\fR, \fB\-\-logo\fR
Show only the logo (no info)
.TP
\fB\-\-off\fR
Hide the logo
.TP
\fB\-\-backend\fR \fI<BACKEND>\fR
Logo backend: ascii or kitty
.TP
\fB\-\-source\fR \fI<PATH>\fR
Image source (PNG) for the kitty backend
.TP
\fB\-\-separator\fR \fI<STR>\fR
Separator between labels and values
.TP
\fB\-\-no_bold\fR
Don\*(Aqt bold the title and labels
.TP
\fB\-\-underline_char\fR \fI<CHAR>\fR
Character used for the title underline
.TP
\fB\-\-title_fqdn\fR
Show the fully\-qualified hostname
.TP
\fB\-\-colors\fR \fI<LIST>\fR
Override text colours (space/comma list)
.TP
\fB\-\-stdout\fR
Pipe\-friendly output: disable colour
.TP
\fB\-\-memory_unit\fR \fI<UNIT>\fR
Memory unit: kib, mib, or gib
.TP
\fB\-\-uptime_shorthand\fR \fI<MODE>\fR
Uptime format: on, tiny, or off
.TP
\fB\-\-cpu_cores\fR \fI<MODE>\fR
CPU cores: logical, physical, or off
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
purr\-generate(1)
Generate a new config file
.TP
purr\-config\-path(1)
Return default config file path
.TP
purr\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B purr
Print the default neofetch\-style report.
.TP
.B purr \-\-all
Show every available probe.
.TP
.B purr \-\-json
Emit the probe results as JSON for scripting.
.TP
.B purr \-L
Print only the logo, with no system information.
.TP
.B purr \-\-ascii_distro arch \-\-ascii_colors \(dq4 6 1\(dq
Force the Arch logo and recolour it.
.TP
.B purr generate \-\-neofetch
Write a starter neofetch\-style config file.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
When set to a non\-empty value, disables all colour output
(https://no\-color.org). The \fB\-\-stdout\fR flag sets this automatically.
.TP
.B RUST_LOG
Controls log verbosity, e.g. \fBRUST_LOG=debug\fR. Passing \fB\-\-verbose\fR
raises the level to trace.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I config.toml
Configuration file, read from the platform configuration directory
(precedence: defaults < config file < CLI flags). Run \fBpurr config\-path\fR
to print its resolved path, or \fBpurr generate\fR to write a starter file.
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH VERSION
v1.0.0
.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.SH AUTHORS
justin13888 <20733699+justin13888@users.noreply.github.com>
